[Music]
hello guys it is currently Sunday
morning I made myself a quick little
breakfast it's literally just toast with
whatever fruit I had in my fridge I'm
kind of locked in my apartment for a
little bit I'm sure everyone knows
what's going on in the world currently
and I'm not going to talk about it too
much
but yeah the Canadian Health Department
did just recently drop a statement
saying that if you've been in America
recently that you should maybe self
isolate yourself for two weeks just to
be safe and also you know social
distancing in general so since I was
just in New York last week I am
following their guidelines and I'm
staying in my apartment I've been kind
of stuck here it's okay it's cool you
know better safe than sorry I'm totally
fine I have no symptoms I'm pretty sure
I'm all good but obviously we all have
to take precautions stay healthy and
follow what the professionals tell us to
do but I thought I'd kind of take
advantage of that and make today a very
productive day kind of do all the stuff
that I've been procrastinating on in my
apartment
we'll see how much I get done for now
I'm just gonna eat my breakfast chill up
for a little bit because it is still
quite early and we'll take it from there
one thing I did want to add it obviously
is stay informed guys stay healthy wash
your hands all of that but you know just
listen to what your local health
officials say I'm just listening to mine
hello friends just an important note I
just wanted to say that I understand
that not everyone is lucky enough to be
able to even work from home while under
self-isolation
so you're gonna see that later on this
video is sponsored but I have decided to
donate a portion of the sponsorship
money towards my local food banks who
are helping with struggling families
right now a lot of people are out of
work because of the virus and all of
that I'm also going to leave some links
down below in case any of you guys want
to help out and donate as well so yeah
links down below
back to the video
[Music]
I am I am deficient so if I don't take
these I seriously cannot function and
that's why I'm so intense about having
my vitamin tract or in my bullet journal
habit record
now I can mark that off in my bulletin
boards my boy girl
[Music]
I don't know if you guys can see this
but my hoodie says have a good day right
there so we're gonna have a good day
I'm manifesting it I'm gonna go take a
shower and get ready now I used to work
from home a lot and just like stain my
PJs and look rose no makeup and uncombed
hair but I actually found that I was
less productive being that comfortable
if that makes sense so getting ready and
like actually putting on a little bit of
makeup as ridiculous as it sounds cuz
I'm in my own apartment it actually
helps me be more productive because it
really separates my day helps me get
into that work mode
[Music]
all right here is the finished makeup
look I'm gonna finish off my hair and
blowdry it but I have recently been
getting a lot of questions about my hair
a lot of you guys know I've been on a
bit of a hair journey trying to make my
hair as healthy as possible since it has
been very damaged but recently it's been
so so much better and that is because I
have been using function of beauty and
this video actually is sponsored by
function of beauty so thank you to them
but I know what you're thinking you
probably heard a lot and you're like
it's it really that great trust me guys
I am very particular about my hair
products and those of you who have seen
my hair journey know that last year in
2019 I was completely bleached out like
white blonde and I'm not gonna lie it
killed my hair it was not great like I
would run my fingers through my hair and
it would just feel like straw I will
show you guys the pictures of what my
hair looked like last year like maybe
nine months ago eight months ago when my
hair is completely fried versus now I've
actually been trying it out for the past
month or so actually a bit over a month
by now just to make sure that it's
something that I actually do love so if
you don't know what functional beauty is
they are a custom hair care company all
you to do is fill out this quiz with
your hair care needs and goals and all
of that and you can even customize the
color of the shampoo and the cents and
then they give you your own haircare
line so this is mine as you can see I've
been through quite a bit considering I
have only had this for a month or so and
it's so cute because look it says
function of Amanda on it so I think
that's a fun touch mine is very focus on
obviously damaged hair and healing that
and moisture and all of that but my
favourite thing is that I was able to
choose the scent I just made all of them
pear scented and it's just like
it's not ever they have masks and serums
so this mask has been one of my
favorites
I wish you guys could just feel my hair
now versus how it felt even just a
couple months ago so if you don't want
to try that function of beauty for
yourself be sure to click the link in my
description box below and I also have a
coupon code for you guys you can get 20%
off your first purchase alright I just
get this hair dried
[Music]
all right so my hair is done and dried
and my makeup is complete as well now
I'm actually going to be doing my weekly
spread live stream on my Instagram I do
these live students every weekend where
I set up my bullet journal spread for
the week I do it whenever possible
whenever I can not every weekend but
recently I've been doing it pretty
frequently so you guys are gonna get to
see how I set that all up I know a lot
of you guys join me every single week on
the lives and they're super fun I'm
actually getting pretty hungry but it'll
have to wait till after a live stream
the show must go on
yes the white table is not actually a
table it's just
[Music]
the hardest part about doing these is
finding the right angle so that I can do
all right so here's the live stream
setup I get a lot of questions about how
I do the live stream so this is a goose
neck phone stand I just got it from
Amazon we have the phone that's filming
my spread I have my big pencil case
ready to go do you need to get some
music going though this is one of my
favorite to chill lo-fi playlists which
I always listen to whenever I do these
live streams
this one's called cafe BGM channel and
this particular playlist is studio
ghibli jazz and bossa nova we are doing
it hello guys
all right I'm kind of doing three things
at once right now y'all I'm filming a
vlog and I'm also gonna try to do film a
tick-tock while I do this live stream so
it might be a bit chaotic excuse me if
it is
my brand
[Music]
updates the livestream was a little
chaotic those of you who are there know
basically what I do after every live
stream is I take a picture of my spread
and hosted for the people who weren't
able to join me or we just want the
pictures so I'm just going to take that
I just take a bunch of pictures as soon
as this the live stream is over so that
it makes it easier for me it's like
those backgrounds already set up and
everything and then I edit them right on
my phone and post it right after I
probably shouldn't have drank that much
coffee because I was all over the place
but you guys want to see how my
tick-tock turned out like somebody show
you
and you guys can watch it off things
stuck in my apartment is making me go
crazy a little bit I think all right I'm
gonna go edit this picture so that I can
post it and I can finally have lunch
and calm down a little bit from this I
[Music]
can usually edit my weekly spread photos
pretty fast at this point because I've
done so many of them but just in case
anyone was wondering I edit all of my
bullet journal spread photos directly on
my phone this is just an app called
Snapseed I've talked about it before but
look at the difference this is before
this is after I had no studio lights on
and the photo looks like it's in a very
well-lit area so yeah just a little
quick tip for you that's the app that I
use I'm gonna post this now and we are
done I spit on the floor
well actually I'm sitting on the floor
cushion but I eat here a lot mostly when
my table is too messy to eat
anyway I am eating a salad
this salad what's in it there's some
beets some grapes kale squash I've been
heating pretty healthy lately which is
good but I've also been like working out
a lot more recently too which I never
did when I was on my break
I was able to like get into a routine
sort of reevaluate my health my physical
health a lot well as well as my mental
health but my physical health it's been
good as usual I must watch something
while I eat it's a rule after lunch I do
have a little bit of administrative work
to do like emails a couple of video
edits and stuff like that so I will
probably do that and also need to
organize my receipts and my finance
stuff so it'll be boring stuff I will be
sure to check in
[Music]
I have to fold my massive pile of
laundry here I actually find it relaxing
to fold laundry because I'll just watch
something I feel like I watched too many
videos this entire videos would be
saying I'm going to get this task done
while I watch a video so now you guys
know how much content I can
[Music]
it's nice and fresh and clean and ready
for me to jump in tonight when I sleep
[Music]
all right friends it is currently almost
5:00 p.m. I did get some work done some
of the administrative work that I needed
to get done the sirens are going off and
I did edit a little bit I didn't film it
but I am feeling a little bit sluggish
and unmotivated right now I'm not sure
if it's just the whole isolation thing
but in my experience when I tend to feel
like this I need to take a break or eat
food you know when you feel like you
haven't done that much even though you
did that's how I feel like I feel like
even though I spent a solid three hours
working on stuff and getting things done
I don't have that sense of
accomplishment yet I don't know we will
work on it so I'm gonna take a little
bit of chill time maybe read a book man
I'm ahead of schedule
[Music]
the book that I was reading a little bit
of is this beautiful book it's called
the dust has grown flowers and it's
actually just a book of illustrations
and poems but it's by this artist that I
really loved on Instagram but they put
out this book and it's so so beautiful I
actually got this a while back but I'm
only now getting a chance to sort of
flip through it but like look at these
illustrations guys these are so so
beautiful and there's some like longer
and shorter poems there's some with
larger illustrations but I just think
it's like the most lovely little book
and some of the illustrations I'm like I
get super inspired by where's my
favorite one that I had passed by oh
this one I like this particular surprise
is it just like fills up the page very
nice well that's what I'm you know
there's so many of these types of books
with illustrations and poems but if you
guys happen to have any that you
recommend so I really like ones that are
super unique oh my god would
just came out but yeah stuff like this
that's really unique and beautiful and
if you guys have anything that you
recommend let me know in the comments
below okay we can eat these it's kind of
a boring snack but these do not contain
milk eggs peanuts soy tree nuts obsess
me seafood or sulfite sulfites you guys
might know this but I have a lot of food
allergies I'm allergic to peanuts nuts
fish and shellfish you know this is the
life I live oh I've been meaning to
reorganize my stationery I did do a
reorganizing my stationery video a while
back and since then I've collected a lot
of stationery so I ordered these things
over here these containers and have some
big plans for them so let me know if you
guys want to see an updated video for me
organizing all of this because since
this video where I did all of that I got
this cart which is still not fully
organized and then I also have some
plans for these so I'll do an updated
video but I also wanted to show you guys
while we're on the topic of
reorganization I kind of cleaned out my
my makeup collection I actually never
really shown a full in-depth thing to
you guys because it used to be so messy
there was no organization I had a lot of
old makeup so I finally got rid of all
the expired stuff and like okay well
it's not as satisfying on camera because
it's still looked kind of messy but I
promise you if you saw how it looked
before you would be in shock it's
finally like not overflowing and I even
organized my palettes and stuff oh I
managed to snag the Sailor Moon
colour-pop collection palette
it's so cute I did do a look with this
purple eyeshadow I was really cute but I
want to use the rest of the palette soon
anyway that's a little bit about my
reorganization in life she had been
meaning to reorganize a lot of things in
my life like my closet and also this
bookshelf behind me it's getting too
much there's a lot of albums and books
on it and notebooks feel like that's a
full day project a couple of days
reorganizing stuff always takes longer
than you think
okay I am back into clothes but I
actually finished all my work that I had
to do I did do some of my tax stuff it
was boring so I didn't film it but now
that is dinner time it's like 6:30 I've
allowed myself to change back into my
sweatpants this is just how I divide my
day out guys so that I don't feel like
I'm literally trapped in my apartment
you know you go to separate day but
anyway dinner time for me I have very
minimal food left I have some leftover
food but they're not enough to make a
full meal if that makes sense I have
some vegetables and I have a couple
leftover chicken tenders but this
together would not be enough especially
considering I only had a salad for lunch
so I decided to treat myself a little
bit I found some this is instant noodles
black bean sauce ramen so I'm going to
make that and have it with
a jumble kind of a mess not really the
most gourmet meal of all time but you
know around here but I will begin making
this is tyranny never tried it but we
will see I don't really know if that's
enough water it says 500 milliliters but
I didn't measure
[Music]
the directions are a little bit and
choosing leave it to me to not be able
to cook instant noodles but I'm just
here and you don't think we are in the
game these are the water tornados
running instance of water it's a liquid
some potatoes
they're frying more than 1 minute and 30
seconds and then in our interview tables
endoscopic mechanisms
there's a lot that just happened in
those two sentences they were like
remove water stir fries simmer this is 2
months for me you know what we'll figure
it out you know I'm sure it'll turn out
fine
[Music]
you know it looks pretty decent actually
not gonna lie and then apparently we're
supposed to simmer until there's just
two tablespoons of soft lip sauce left
and it's ready to serve
so our simmer use scimitar teeth my
friends let's try this I'm really
curious about this uh
instant ramen that I made one where I
might have messed up
as expected it's instant noodles how can
you go wrong
I'm really not an elegant eater I'm very
sorry
[Music]
all right so I'm gonna finish off my
date by filling out my bullet journal at
the end of the day so I already did my
vitamins i flossed I'm gonna floss again
but later in the night and I did not
did I do something for fun I kind of did
I mean I read a little bit right so that
counts and then pour it the mood tracker
it's pretty good today so I'm gonna go
with this color turn very quickly
I think that's pretty much it for today
I I don't know I'm feeling like I want
to kind of cuddle up and watch some some
Netflix or something and just end off
the day very chill I'll probably sleep
pretty early
kind of an early morning but I hope you
guys enjoyed following me around I mean
I guess you weren't really following me
around you were just following me around
my apartment nonetheless hopefully you
enjoyed I always say this whenever I
film these get productive with me videos
but it truly does help me be more
productive especially when I'm stuck at
home like this because I feel like you
guys are there to keep me accountable so
I mean I was relatively productive today
I got a lot of work done on some secret
projects and I did a lot of housework so
I think we can call today a productive
success maybe you guys were also working
while you were watching this video so
this bump please stay healthy and happy
I hope you ever in a great week and I
will talk to you in the next video as
usual keep doodling bye guys
[Music]